Bump version to 0.11.0 (#989)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/migration.md

This guide can help you upgrade code through breaking changes from one PyO3 version to the next.
For a detailed list of all changes, see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## from 0.10.* to 0.11

### Stable Rust
PyO3 now supports the stable Rust toolchain. The minimum required version is 1.39.0.

### `#[pyclass]` structs must now be `Send`
Because `#[pyclass]` structs can be sent between threads by the Python interpreter, they must implement
`Send` to guarantee thread safety. This bound was added in PyO3 `0.11.0`.

> This may "break" some code which previously was accepted, even though it was unsound. To resolve this,

Author: We should note that 'if you are sure that your class is not sent to another thread, you can use `unsafe impl Send for YourClass {}`' first. Actually it's rare to send pyclass to another thread, and I saw some `#[pyclass]`es that have a raw pointer internally and need `unsafe impl Send` when investigating the effect of this change.

> This may "break" some code which previously was accepted, even though it was unsound.

Also, we have to note that it's *theoretically* unsound, but not problematic when the class is not actually sent to another thread by:
- Python's threading module
- `py.allow_threads` and `Py`

Reviewer: > We should note that 'if you are sure that your class is not sent to another thread, you can use `unsafe impl Send for YourClass {}`' first.

I don't think that's good advice.  It undermines protections on the Rust side, too.

> Also, we have to note that it's theoretically unsound, but not problematic when the class is not actually sent to another thread by:

I don't know about your experience, but I use the threading module quite a lot in Python, and objects are accessed freely from any thread there.

Author: Thank you for the feedback. 

> I don't know about your experience, but I use the threading module quite a lot in Python, and objects are accessed freely from any thread there.

Maybe it's because I use Python mainly for machine learning research, where CPU/GPU bound is dominant.
Then I would rather take back my words... but I still think we should note that `unsafe impl Sync` can be the easiest fix. Maybe it's also helpful to link [`std::marker::Send`](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/marker/trait.Send.html) or [nomicon](https://doc.rust-lang.org/nomicon/send-and-sync.html).

Reviewer 2: I'm not keen on suggesting `unsafe impl Send` or `unsafe impl Sync` - to me that feels like the kind of hack where "I know that I'm not using threads now, so I can skip writing safe code". Later on this hack is forgotten, the code gets edited to include threading and suddenly very strange bugs / crashes / undefined behaviour.

This guide can help you upgrade code through breaking changes from one PyO3 version to the next.
For a detailed list of all changes, see [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## from 0.10.* to 0.11

### Stable Rust
PyO3 now supports the stable Rust toolchain. The minimum required version is 1.39.0.

### `#[pyclass]` structs must now be `Send`
Because `#[pyclass]` structs can be sent between threads by the Python interpreter, they must implement
`Send` to guarantee thread safety. This bound was added in PyO3 `0.11.0`.

This may "break" some code which previously was accepted, even though it was unsound. To resolve this,
consider using types like `Arc` instead of `Rc`, `Mutex` instead of `RefCell`, and add `Send` to any
boxed closures stored inside the `#[pyclass]`.

Before:
```rust,compile_fail
use pyo3::prelude::*;
use std::rc::Rc;
use std::cell::RefCell;

#[pyclass]
struct NotThreadSafe {
    shared_bools: Rc<RefCell<Vec<bool>>>,
    closure: Box<Fn()>
}
```

After:
```rust
use pyo3::prelude::*;
use std::sync::{Arc, Mutex};

#[pyclass]
struct ThreadSafe {
    shared_bools: Arc<Mutex<Vec<bool>>>,
    closure: Box<Fn() + Send>
}
```

> Or if you feel it hard to make your `#[pyclass]` struct automatically sendable
> (e.g., in case it has a raw pointer), you can use `unsafe impl Send`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or in situations where you cannot change your `#[pyclass]` to automatically implement `Send`
(e.g., when it contains a raw pointer), you can use `unsafe impl Send`.
```
